I'm sorry, guys.
It's late. The cooperation between Kirin Guitar and Miss Bai is even more powerful and soars into the sky
Miss Bai cooperates with the unicorn, don't forget to share our changes?
The two ladies have always supported me
And I appreciate it.
There will be new formulas in the future that we can cooperate to develop together
Oh, that's great.
Bai Feng, this bitch, it turns out that you have already climbed up the prince, and the beast has already betrayed me
And not only that.
And pretending to be such a big deal to deceive the ladies
In fact, it's better to get on your knees and apologize now
We are also for your own good.
Otherwise, it will hit you later.
Even if you beg brother heaven and earth
Who asked you to borrow it?
Do you know that the radius is
Okay, for the sake of your limited time
I advise you to be at the door
Otherwise, if the prince gets angry, he will leave
I can't save myself
This bitch won't go